(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(ZEBRAS SNORTING)
(CACKLING)
Hyena attack!
Hyena attack?
(ALARMED TRUMPET)
Panic and run!
(GROANS)
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
Everybody calm down!
Who saw the hyenas?
Where are they?
(GASPING)
In, in the grass!
(RUSTLING)
Hyenas! We know
you're in there!
Lion Guard,
spread out!
You're surrounded,
hyenas!
(GROWLS)
Come on out!
(ALL GASP)
Don't hurt us!
We're not really hyenas!
Uh, yeah.
We can see that.
(SIGHS)
Why were you trying
to scare everybody?
We weren't! We were
just playing Lion Guard!
(CHUCKLES)
Playing Lion Guard?
And it was our turn
to be the bad guys!
It was all
Mtoto's idea!
Are you Mtoto?
Mmm-hmm.
Ono, want to give
the all clear?
Affirmative.
False alarm everyone!
No hyenas here!
GIRAFFE 1: Kids!
(SNORTS)
GIRAFFE 2: Really!
So you guys
were pretending to
be the Lion Guard?
Oh, yeah! We each
take turns being
different members!
Except Mtoto,
he's always Beshte!
Really? Me? Poa!
Who gets to pretend to be me?
You know,
whoever is last.
Say what?
Well, little Lion Guard,
this isn't the best time
to pretend to be hyenas.
I saw Janja and his hyenas
sneaking into the Pride Lands
yesterday.
And they're still
around here...
Somewhere.
So you can see
why everyone got so upset.
We never meant
to scare anybody!
We won't do it again!
Promise!
Hi, little guy.
Uh... Did you want
to ask me something?
Uh...
How's it feel
to be so strong?
What's it like
to fight bad guys?
Can you really
knock down a tree
with your head?
How's it feel to
be a real live hero?
Oh, well,
I'm not really.
It's the whole team.
Not just me.
Hey! Maybe the real
Lion Guard could play
Lion Guard with us!
(ALL CHEERING)
Sounds like fun.
But with hyenas
on the loose,
we need to
stay sharp.
Lion Guard! Time
for some training.
Sounds good!
Zuka Zama!
Well, I'd better
get going.
Aw.
Can't you stay just
a little longer, Beshte?
Please?
Hmm.
Say, Mtoto,
how'd you like to
come watch us train?
Poa! That'd be awesome!
Okay! C'mon,
Mtoto, let's go!
I can't believe it.
I'm gonna train with
the real live Lion Guard!
So you really do like
the Lion Guard, huh?
Who doesn't?
You guys are
the greatest!
Kion is a great leader.
And Fuli's just so fast!
Bunga's not afraid
of anything. And Ono...
But you're
the biggest reason
I like the Lion Guard!
Well, I guess
I am the biggest...
Not like that, Beshte.
I think you're the best!
Uh, well... Thanks.
I don't know what to say.
Hey, look!
There's Kion
and the others!
Come on!
We need to be ready
to chase down Janja
wherever we find him.
(SCOFFS)
I'm always ready.
Hey, guys.
Sorry I'm late.
I, uh, invited Mtoto
to come along.
Okay.
Well, we were just about
to run an obstacle course.
Poa!
Can I run it, too?
Whoa!
Sure, I guess.
Stick with him, Beshte.
Ono, keep an eye out
for hyenas while we're
running this one.
Affirmative!
The sky's probably
the safest place to be.
Everybody follow me!
Boulder jump! Go!
(GRUNTS)
Zuka Zama!
(GROANS)
I usually just
run around 'em!
Oh! Uh, okay!
You're gonna
love this, Fuli.
Argh!
(CHUCKLES)
You'll do anything to
stay dry, won't you?
You know it.
Zuka Zama!
(SPLASH)
Huh. Not as deep
as I thought.
(FOOTSTEPS)
Whoa!
(SPLUTTERS)
(BOTH GASPING)
(TRUMPETS)
Oh, no!
I'm, I'm sorry!
Yeah, well...
It's just water.
Told you the sky
was the safest place
to be.
Yeah, why don't
we try something
totally different.
Oh, okay!
I'll do a lot
better this time!
You'll see!
Sure you will, Mtoto.
Hmm, let's run
a stealth surround drill.
Yeah, yeah!
Where we practice
sneaking up
on bad guys and
surround them.
Haven't done
that in a while.
Sounds good to me.
I always ace
this one.
Okay, I'll go to
the other side of
that big rock pile.
The rest of you
try to sneak up,
without me seeing
or hearing you.
Ono? Keep watch
for hyenas
while we're running
this one?
Affirmative!
You know the drill.
Wait till
I'm out of sight.
Then try to
surround me.
You got it, Kion.
Okay. I'll approach
from this side.
You two go in
from that side.
Kion'll never
see me coming!
Sneaking up on
someone isn't so
easy for us hippos.
Unless we're
in the water.
Aw, you'll be
great at it!
You can do anything!
I don't know
about that,
but we'll give it
our very best try!
Hey, Kion,
how's it going?
(LAUGHS) Got me.
You're good, Fuli.
(SMIRKS) I know.
Walk softly...
Easy does it...
I don't think
Kion heard.
Let's keep moving.
Hey, Beshte, what
about going this way?
Zuka Zama!
Gotcha!
(CHUCKLES) Bunga,
what happened to
sneaking up on me?
Eh, I got
tired of that!
Running right
at ya's more
my style.
So, that just
leaves Beshte.
And Mtoto.
(WHISPERING) You're really
good at this, Mtoto.
I can't even hear you.
Mtoto?
Guys, guys!
Beshte?
What's wrong?
It's Mtoto! I can't
find him anywhere!
I'm right here, Beshte!
I was just sneaking, uh...
Mtoto!
Whoa! (GRUNTS)
Hang on, Mtoto!
I'm coming!
Oh...
It's not gonna hold.
(SCREAMING AND GRUNTING)
(ALL GASPING)
(GROANS)
Mtoto, are you okay?
I think so...
(GROANS) I'm okay too.
Mtoto? Why didn't
you stay with me?
I wanted to show you
I could do a good job
sneaking up on Kion.
Sorry, I messed up.
(SIGHS) Again.
We're just glad
you're not hurt, Mtoto.
But I think it's time
for you to head home.
Yeah. I guess so.
I'll walk you.
(SIGHS) Okay.
Bye, everybody.
I don't think he saw us.
Yeowch! Watch it!
But he could still
hear us, fur brain!
Yeah!
They don't call Ono
"The ears in the sky"
for nothin'!
That's not what
they call him!
They don't?
(GROANS) Come on.
Sorry, you had
to rescue me.
Well, I should've
kept an eye on you.
But you're okay.
And that's what counts.
I really messed
up, didn't I?
It was your first time
training with the Lion
Guard, Mtoto.
You'll get better
if you keep practicing.
You think?
Sure!
♪ I know that you're upset
♪ You think today
was a disaster
♪ But don't give up just yet
♪ You'll grow
stronger and faster
♪ I once about your size
♪ A little hippo
who would've guessed?
♪ Here I am today, surprise!
♪ Among the Pride Land's best
♪ Take it from me
♪ You'll learn you'll grow
♪ Hold on to your dreams
♪ Never let go
♪ Just look within you
♪ The hero inside
♪ No need to worry
♪ Hold your head up with pride
♪ Believe in yourself
♪ There's no need to hide
♪ It's there within you
♪ Your hero inside
♪ So raise your trunk up high
♪ Tell the world,
"wait and see"
♪ No, I'm just a little guy
♪ But that's not all
I'm gonna be
♪ Take it from me
♪ You'll learn you'll grow
♪ Hold on to your dreams
♪ Never let go
♪ Just look within you
♪ A hero inside
♪ No need to worry
♪ Hold your head up with pride
♪ Believe in yourself
♪ There's no need to hide
♪ It's there within you
♪ Your hero inside
♪ There's no reason
it can't come true
♪ 'Cause you've got it
inside of you
♪ Whatever you dream of
♪ That's what you can be
♪ All it takes from
you is to believe
♪ Just look within you
♪ The hero inside
♪ No need to worry
♪ Hold your head up with pride
♪ Believe in yourself
♪ There's no need to hide
♪ It's there within you
♪ Your hero inside
♪ Just look within you
♪ No need to worry
♪ Hold your head up with pride
♪ Believe in yourself
♪ There's no need to hide
♪ It's there within you
♪ Your hero inside
♪ Your hero inside ♪
So you really think
I have what it takes
to be a hero?
Sure! Just
don't give up.
You've already
got some moves!
I do?
Like that water spraying thing
you did with your trunk?
Seriously poa!
Really?
Oh, yeah!
Just, uh, be sure to use it
on bad guys from now on!
Thanks, Beshte. I will!
And who knows?
Maybe you'll join
the real Lion Guard
someday.
When you're older.
Wow!
I'd better head back.
Take care, Mtoto.
Bye, Beshte!
LITTLE OSTRICH: Mtoto,
where've you been?
Oh, you know.
Training. With Beshte.
And the Lion Guard.
Wow! Did they
make you a member?
Not officially, but...
So you probably don't
want to play pretend
Lion Guard anymore, huh?
You kidding?
Beshte said I should
keep practicing my moves!
Let's play right now!
I'll be...
ALL: Beshte!
We know, we know!
Wait'll I show you
this great trick
I came up with when
I was training with
the Guard!
Till the Pride Lands end,
Lion Guard defend!
Twende kiboko!
(SHOUTING)
Zuka Zama!
Hapana!
Huwezi!
Heyvi kabisa!
(LONG SIGH)
Gosh! This isn't
as much fun as usual.
Yeah, 'cause
we promised not
to be hyenas.
It's always more
fun with somebody
to chase.
Maybe we can't be
the hyenas...
But they can!
(MEERKATS CHATTERING)
ALL: Yeah!
(BATTLE CRIES)
Yeah, you better run,
you bad guys!
You won't get away
from me, Janja!
Huh? Somebody
call my name?
(BATTLE CRIES)
Hey, boys. Look
what we have here.
(CHUCKLING)
Appetizers!
Yeah! Bite-sized!
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
Great job on the
obstacle course!
Now time for some
speed training!
On your mark,
get set... Go!
(LAUGHS)
Whoo! I can't
believe I beat her!
Um... Actually,
you didn't.
Huh?
Did you really think
you were faster than me?
Well...
As long as
you're both faster
than the hyenas,
I'm good.
Speaking
of hyenas...
Ono, could you
take another
look around?
You bet!
Thanks!
Oh, and maybe look
for Beshte while
you're up there?
Good idea! He should've
gotten back by now!
I mean, how long
can it take to walk a
little elephant home?
What is the point of living
in the Pride Lands,
if we have to run from
hyenas all the time?
I mean, really!
Don't worry.
The Lion Guard
is on the job.
We'll find those hyenas
and chase them back
where they belong!
(MEERKATS CHITTERING)
(CHUCKLING)
MTOTO: I'm gonna
get you, Janja!
You, too, Cheezi
and Chungu!
Wait. Are they
really chasing us?
Huh? I hope not!
Fur brains! They're
playing pretend!
But it's about
to get real. C'mon.
(LAUGHTER)
Argh! They got away!
What do you want
to chase now?
I got an idea!
How's about
we chase you?
ALL: Hyenas! Ah!
(HYENAS GROWLING)
(SCREAMING)
(SHOUTING)
(GROANING)
(CACKLING MADLY)
Jump on me!
Ow! No fair. Kicking!
(GIGGLING) Just you
and me now, kid!
(PANTING)
Boulder escape training.
(CONTINUES PANTING)
(GROANS)
Janja! They're
gettin' away!
And that little
zebra's mean!
Doesn't matter.
There's still
the little elephant.
And he's the
slowest one.(LAUGHS)
(LAUGHTER)
Seriously. There's no
reason to be afraid.
Maybe not for them!
But zebras are the
most delicious animals
in the Pride Lands and
the hyenas know it!
(SCOFFS)
It's true.
Deal with it.
ALL: Beshte! Beshte!
We need your help!
Please!
Whoa, kids! What's
the kerbubble?
And where's Mtoto?
(GULPING BREATH)
Mtoto's being chased!
By the hyenas!
(SCOFFS) Oh, not again!
Don't listen to these
little troublemakers!
This time it's true!
Mtoto's in danger!
And he's all alone!
Not for long!
Stay here!
Oh, now, really!
Who's going to protect me?
(DEEP BREATH)
Well? Anything?
Well, the good news is,
I didn't see any hyenas.
The bad news is,
I also didn't see Beshte.
Hmm.
It's not like Beshte
to wander off when
we're on alert.
Something's wrong.
C'mon. We've
gotta find him.
(PANTING)
(CHUCKLING)
Won't be long now.
He's getting tired.
(HEAVY BREATHING)
Me, too!
All right, fellas.
Let's get him.
Hey, little buddy!
Looking for help?
It's no use.
Nobody's coming.
Just you and us.
So which do you prefer,
boys? Leg or trunk?
(GASPS)
I like the ears!
They're chewier!
Chewy ears!
That sounds funny!
(LAUGHS)
And delicious!
Uh...
Twende kiboko!
(STARTLED CRIES)
(YELPS) Beshte!
You came for me!
Sure, I did!
You can swim, right?
Mom hasn't
taught me yet.
Then hop up!
Now hang on!
(MOANS)
What do we do now?
Follow that hippo!
I don't see
Beshte anywhere.
Or his little
elephant buddy.
Aren't those
Mtoto's friends?
Have you guys
seen Beshte?
He went to
save Mtoto!
From the hyenas!
What?
Where?
That way! Janja and
the hyenas chased us!
We got away
but Mtoto didn't!
Ono, we have
to find them!
I'm on it!
JANJA: C'mon, boys!
We're catching them!
Hey! They passed us!
Maybe they're just going
in the same direction!
Or maybe not!
Mtoto, duck!
(BOTH YELPING)
Uh-oh!
Here dinner, dinner,
dinner... (LAUGHS)
Whoa! (YELPS)
Whoa!
That was awesome!
(SCREAMING)
The current's slower
through here.
I should be able
to make better time.
Almost home, Mtoto!
Uh-oh! Look!
What do we do now?
I've got an idea.
Hapana!
Crocodiles ahead!
Hyenas behind!
That's never
a good thing!
I need to tell
the rest of the guard.
Mtoto, ready for
stealth mode?
You bet, Beshte.
CROCODILE:
Little elephant.
(BELLOWS)
(TRUMPETING)
So much for
stealth mode.
They're getting closer!
Hey, Mtoto! Remember
your trunk trick?
Oh, yeah!
Hey! (SPUTTERS)
Take that, meanie!
Poa! Nice shot!
Oh, no!
Aw, ya came back!
And you brought
your little friend!
KION: Wrong, Janja!
He brought
all his friends!
Ono, you're with me!
Till the Pride Lands end,
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING)
Kion!
I sure am glad
to see you!
I'm just sorry
we couldn't find
you sooner!
Better late than
never, right, Big B?
You said it, Little B.
(CROCODILE GROWLS)
(FRIGHTENED YELPS)
JANJA (SHOUTING):
Swim, fur brains! Swim!
You know, they'd
stand a better chance
if they just got
out of the river.
Well, I'm not
gonna tell 'em.
(YELPS)
(ALL LAUGHING)
So I just kept
spraying 'em
right in the face
while Beshte swam
like the wind!
Amazing!
You kids had quite
an adventure today.
And you know what?
I think you've all earned
the Mark of the Guard.
Wow!
ALL: Me next! Me next!
Like I said,
you're my hero.
And you're mine.
(MUSIC PLAYING)